[Music]
Allrecipes member Karen we're shares her
recipe for Caesar salad supreme saying a
wonderful rich anchovy dressing makes
this salad a meal and suggest serving it
with crusty Italian bread you'll need 4
cups of day-old bread cubes for this
recipe so prepare those the day before
package bread cubes will work well too
to prepare the salad dressing mince 5
anchovy fillets if you're not a fan just
leave them out mince 3 cloves of garlic
and cut three more cloves of garlic into
quarters
place the minced garlic into a bowl
[Music]
add in 3/4 of a cup of mayonnaise along
with the minced anchovies
two tablespoons of grated Parmesan
cheese and one teaspoon of
Worcestershire sauce
one teaspoon of Dijon mustard and one
tablespoon of lemon juice season to
taste with salt and pepper
[Music]
and whisk the dressing ingredients
together cover the dressing with plastic
wrap and refrigerate until you're ready
to use it next wash and dry one head of
cleaned romaine lettuce and tear it into
bite-sized pieces
[Music]
or a quarter of a cup of olive oil into
a large skillet over medium heat add the
garlic quarters to the skillet cook and
stir the garlic until it's brown remove
the garlic from the pan and discard it
add in the four cups of bread cubes
cook the bread in the garlic infused oil
turning frequently until the cubes are
lightly browned season them with salt to
taste and pepper to taste
[Music]
then remove the bread cubes from the
skillet next we'll spoon dressing over
the lettuce toss it until the leaves are
lightly coated add more dressing as you
like but don't overdress the lettuce
[Music]
sprinkle on four tablespoons of grated
Parmesan and toss then add as many
croutons as you would like toss the
salad ingredients together until they
are well blended and serve immediately
garnished it with some more freshly
grated Parmesan cheese all recipes
members give this Caesar salad supreme
high marks
you